Clarify documentation for private benchmarks access (#3762)
stanford-crfm/helm: docs/medhelm.md

### 🔒 Private Benchmarks

These benchmarks are based on proprietary or restricted datasets that are only available to the respective organizations.

> For evaluating models against private benchmarks, either the model weights must be shared with Stanford, or the model/system has to be made available via an API that has a BAA with Stanford for use with data containing PHI.

Reviewer: For now, we don't want to commit to these particular ways of contributing. Instead, let's change it for this:

`For evaluating models against private benchmarks, please contact the MedHELM team at migufuen@stanford.edu.`

Author: ```suggestion
For evaluating models against private benchmarks, please contact the MedHELM team at [migufuen@stanford.edu](mailto:migufuen@stanford.edu).
```
